Add cpu_load module from Zephyr and align it with existing cpu_load module (#21098)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Debug libraries
---------------

> * :ref:`cpu_load` library:

Reviewer: Nit: I would expect this changelog update in the same commit as the change itself. Is this just temporary and will be squashed later?

>   * Added prefix ``NRF_`` to all Kconfig options (for example, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CPU_LOAD`) to avoid conflict with Zephyr Kconfig option with the same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added prefix ``NRF_`` to all Kconfig options (for example, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CPU_LOAD`) to avoid conflicts with Zephyr Kconfig options with the same names.
```

Reviewer: @divipillai

Reviewer 2: Agree, as the fix is for multiple Kconfig options and their names.

Author: done
